[doc] Enhance documentation about performance log directories (#1710)
eth-cscs/reframe: docs/configure.rst

Finally, there is a special set of handlers for handling performance log messages.
These are stored in the ``handlers_perflog`` property.

> The performance handler in this example will create a file per test and per system/partition combination and will append the performance data to it every time the test is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The performance handler in this example will create a file per test and per system/partition combination and will append the performance data to it every time the *performance test* is run.
```

Then either we define what a performance test is or have link to somewhere that we define it.

The path to the file is created as follows: ``<basedir>/<prefix>/<testname>log``.

> ``<basedir>`` is controlled by the ``--perflogdir`` option, the environment variable :envvar:`RFM_PERFLOG_DIR` or the ``basedir`` configuration parameter in the ``handlers_perflog``, which is ``.`` by default; ``<prefix>`` is what is defined in the ``handlers_perflog``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``<basedir>`` is controlled by the ``--perflogdir`` option, the environment variable :envvar:`RFM_PERFLOG_DIR` and the ``basedir`` configuration parameter in the ``handlers_perflog``, which is ``.`` by default; ``<prefix>`` is defined in the ``handlers_perflog``.
```

Reviewer: Imho, all this description is not needed. It described in the configuration reference of the `filelog` handler. So this is a duplication. We do have a link to the reference at the end of this section. The key problem in the documentation, in my opinion, is that we don't say explicitly that performance logging happens *only* for performance tests.

> Note that that the performance log file is created only if ``perf_patterns`` is defined on the test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the performance log file is created only if ``perf_patterns`` is defined on the test.
```
